drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000000.jpg	self
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000001.jpg	adhesive
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000002.jpg	address
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000003.jpg	labels
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000004.jpg	36
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000005.jpg	250
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000006.jpg	on
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000007.jpg	a
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000008.jpg	roll
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000009.jpg	greek
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000010.jpg	gastronomy
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000011.jpg	cookery
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000012.jpg	wines
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000013.jpg	local
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000014.jpg	toubrs
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000015.jpg	specialties
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000016.jpg	festive
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000017.jpg	recipes
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000018.jpg	illustrated
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000019.jpg	83
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000020.jpg	73
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000021.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000022.jpg	house
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000023.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000024.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000025.jpg	spirits
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000026.jpg	isabel
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000027.jpg	allende
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000028.jpg	intensely
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000029.jpg	moving
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000030.jpg	both
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000031.jpg	entertaining
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000032.jpg	and
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000033.jpg	deeply
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000034.jpg	serious
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000035.jpg	evening
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000036.jpg	standard
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000037.jpg	digital
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000038.jpg	multimedia
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000039.jpg	wiley
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000040.jpg	nigel
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000041.jpg	chapman
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000042.jpg	and
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000043.jpg	jenny
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000044.jpg	chapman
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000045.jpg	software
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000046.jpg	design
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000047.jpg	for
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000048.jpg	systems
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000049.jpg	j
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000050.jpg	e
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000051.jpg	cooling
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000052.jpg	nokia
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000053.jpg	adapter
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000054.jpg	cable
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000055.jpg	dlr
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000056.jpg	3p
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000057.jpg	a4382
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000058.jpg	nokia
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000059.jpg	6210
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000060.jpg	dlr
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000061.jpg	3p
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000062.jpg	data
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000063.jpg	cable
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000064.jpg	professional
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000065.jpg	issues
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000066.jpg	in
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000067.jpg	software
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000068.jpg	engineering
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000069.jpg	frank
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000070.jpg	bott
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000071.jpg	allison
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000072.jpg	coleman
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000073.jpg	jack
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000074.jpg	eaton
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000075.jpg	diane
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000076.jpg	rowland
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000077.jpg	third
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000078.jpg	edition
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000079.jpg	silberschatz
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000080.jpg	galvin
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000081.jpg	operating
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000082.jpg	system
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000083.jpg	concepts
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000084.jpg	fifth
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000085.jpg	edition
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000086.jpg	systems
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000087.jpg	series
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000088.jpg	systems
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000089.jpg	analysis
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000090.jpg	design
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000091.jpg	stems
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000092.jpg	id
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000093.jpg	mason
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000094.jpg	leslie
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000095.jpg	willcocks
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000096.jpg	business
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000097.jpg	strategy
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000098.jpg	it
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000099.jpg	strategy
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000100.jpg	information
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000101.jpg	wear
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000102.jpg	s
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000103.jpg	alan
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000104.jpg	clements
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000105.jpg	t
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000106.jpg	rinciples
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000107.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000108.jpg	omputer
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000109.jpg	hardware
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000110.jpg	second
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000111.jpg	edition
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000112.jpg	software
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000113.jpg	engineering
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000114.jpg	ian
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000115.jpg	sommerville
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000116.jpg	sony
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000117.jpg	handle
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000118.jpg	with
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000119.jpg	care
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000120.jpg	pleaes
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000121.jpg	return
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000122.jpg	to
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000123.jpg	future
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000124.jpg	publishing
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000125.jpg	ltd
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000126.jpg	somerton
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000127.jpg	ta11
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000128.jpg	6tb
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000129.jpg	united
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000130.jpg	kingdom
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000131.jpg	edition
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000132.jpg	systems
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000133.jpg	database
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000134.jpg	an
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000135.jpg	introduction
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000136.jpg	to
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000137.jpg	date
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000138.jpg	sixth
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000139.jpg	stuart
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000140.jpg	russell
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000141.jpg	peter
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000142.jpg	norvig
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000143.jpg	intelligence
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000144.jpg	rtificial
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000145.jpg	a
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000146.jpg	modern
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000147.jpg	approach
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000148.jpg	essence
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000149.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000150.jpg	computing
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000151.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000152.jpg	essence
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000153.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000154.jpg	artificial
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000155.jpg	intelligence
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000156.jpg	students
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000157.jpg	engineering
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000158.jpg	for
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000159.jpg	communication
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000160.jpg	o
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000161.jpg	c
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000162.jpg	i
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000163.jpg	international
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000164.jpg	computer
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000165.jpg	science
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000166.jpg	series
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000167.jpg	discrete
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000168.jpg	mathematics
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000169.jpg	computer
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000170.jpg	for
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000171.jpg	scientists
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000172.jpg	release
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000173.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000174.jpg	net
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000175.jpg	v10
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000176.jpg	marco
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000177.jpg	bellinaso
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000178.jpg	and
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000179.jpg	kevin
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000180.jpg	hoffman
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000181.jpg	wrox
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000182.jpg	wrox
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000183.jpg	technical
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000184.jpg	support
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000185.jpg	at
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000186.jpg	support
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000187.jpg	wroxcom
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000188.jpg	updates
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000189.jpg	and
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000190.jpg	source
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000191.jpg	code
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000192.jpg	at
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000193.jpg	www
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000194.jpg	wroxcom
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000195.jpg	wroxcom
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000196.jpg	peer
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000197.jpg	discussion
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000198.jpg	at
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000199.jpg	p2p
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000200.jpg	programmer
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000201.jpg	to
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000202.jpg	programmer
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000203.jpg	aspnet
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000204.jpg	website
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000205.jpg	programming
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000206.jpg	problem
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000207.jpg	design
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000208.jpg	solution
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000209.jpg	written
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000210.jpg	and
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000211.jpg	tested
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000212.jpg	for
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000213.jpg	final
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000214.jpg	wolfgang
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000215.jpg	emmerich
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000216.jpg	engin
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000217.jpg	ing
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000218.jpg	distributed
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000219.jpg	objects
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000220.jpg	autumn
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000221.jpg	winter
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000222.jpg	2001
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000223.jpg	philips
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000224.jpg	fisio
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000225.jpg	820e
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000226.jpg	inspiring
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000227.jpg	scenes
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000228.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000229.jpg	edinburg
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000230.jpg	festivals
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000231.jpg	most
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000232.jpg	espmoto
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000233.jpg	experience
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000234.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000235.jpg	revolution
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000236.jpg	with
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000237.jpg	orange
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000238.jpg	to
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000239.jpg	order
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000240.jpg	your
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000241.jpg	v70e
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000242.jpg	on
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000243.jpg	orange
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000244.jpg	please
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000245.jpg	call
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000246.jpg	150
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000247.jpg	and
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000248.jpg	press
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000249.jpg	orange
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000250.jpg	orange
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000251.jpg	sounds
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000252.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000253.jpg	summer
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000254.jpg	events
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000255.jpg	music
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000256.jpg	live
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000257.jpg	best
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000258.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000259.jpg	o
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000260.jpg	building
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000261.jpg	web
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000262.jpg	services
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000263.jpg	with
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000264.jpg	java
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000265.jpg	tm
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000266.jpg	making
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000267.jpg	sence
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000268.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000269.jpg	xml
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000270.jpg	soap
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000271.jpg	wsdl
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000272.jpg	and
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000273.jpg	uddi
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000274.jpg	aircraft
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000275.jpg	and
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000276.jpg	blast
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000277.jpg	can
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000278.jpg	cause
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000279.jpg	departing
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000280.jpg	flying
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000281.jpg	injury
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000282.jpg	low
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000283.jpg	physical
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000284.jpg	alligator
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000285.jpg	beware
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000286.jpg	teeth
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000287.jpg	115mm
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000288.jpg	caution
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000289.jpg	height
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000290.jpg	proceed
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000291.jpg	raised
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000292.jpg	when
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000293.jpg	with
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000294.jpg	beardwell
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000295.jpg	construction
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000296.jpg	construction
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000297.jpg	limited
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000298.jpg	maintenance
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000299.jpg	refurbishment
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000300.jpg	clock
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000301.jpg	museum
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000302.jpg	tymperleys
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000303.jpg	council
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000304.jpg	county
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000305.jpg	essex
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000306.jpg	libraries
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000307.jpg	by
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000308.jpg	car
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000309.jpg	collect
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000310.jpg	marks
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000311.jpg	spencer
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000312.jpg	to
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000313.jpg	welcome
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000314.jpg	h
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000315.jpg	smith
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000316.jpg	w
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000317.jpg	summer
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000318.jpg	high
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000319.jpg	lion
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000320.jpg	red
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000321.jpg	shops
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000322.jpg	street
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000323.jpg	yard
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000324.jpg	summer
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000325.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000326.jpg	weather
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000327.jpg	whatever
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000328.jpg	here
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000329.jpg	m
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000330.jpg	tm
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000331.jpg	angus
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000332.jpg	directory
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000333.jpg	e
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000334.jpg	guide
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000335.jpg	j
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000336.jpg	kennedy
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000337.jpg	peter
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000338.jpg	rough
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000339.jpg	website
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000340.jpg	bequet
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000341.jpg	henry
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000342.jpg	java
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000343.jpg	professional
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000344.jpg	soap
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000345.jpg	wrox
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000346.jpg	form
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000347.jpg	j2se
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000348.jpg	da
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000349.jpg	colchester
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000350.jpg	office
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000351.jpg	post
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000352.jpg	gate
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000353.jpg	lock
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000354.jpg	please
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000355.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000356.jpg	h
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000357.jpg	holsten
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000358.jpg	lager
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000359.jpg	pure
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000360.jpg	associates
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000361.jpg	care
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000362.jpg	fca
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000363.jpg	foster
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000364.jpg	bank
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000365.jpg	hsbc
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000366.jpg	local
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000367.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000368.jpg	communications
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000369.jpg	house
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000370.jpg	ltd
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000371.jpg	office
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000372.jpg	registered
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000373.jpg	seatrade
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000374.jpg	seatrade
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000375.jpg	1996
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000376.jpg	547
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000377.jpg	a
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000378.jpg	a
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000379.jpg	act
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000380.jpg	can
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000381.jpg	causing
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000382.jpg	conviction
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000383.jpg	council
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000384.jpg	county
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000385.jpg	criminal
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000386.jpg	education
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000387.jpg	essex
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000388.jpg	lead
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000389.jpg	learning
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000390.jpg	nuisance
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000391.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000392.jpg	on
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000393.jpg	or
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000394.jpg	school
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000395.jpg	section
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000396.jpg	services
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000397.jpg	site
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000398.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000399.jpg	to
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000400.jpg	trespassing
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000401.jpg	under
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000402.jpg	warning
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000403.jpg	yarmouth
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000404.jpg	a133
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000405.jpg	clacton
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000406.jpg	gt
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000407.jpg	harwich
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000408.jpg	ipswich
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000409.jpg	2
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000410.jpg	2
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000411.jpg	chelmsford
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000412.jpg	london
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000413.jpg	s
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000414.jpg	ales
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000415.jpg	cask
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000416.jpg	conditioned
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000417.jpg	food
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000418.jpg	garden
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000419.jpg	good
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000420.jpg	home
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000421.jpg	made
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000422.jpg	ahead
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000423.jpg	new
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000424.jpg	signals
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000425.jpg	traffic
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000426.jpg	a134
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000427.jpg	centre
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000428.jpg	town
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000429.jpg	food
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000430.jpg	pronto
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000431.jpg	proper
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000432.jpg	only
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000433.jpg	p
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000434.jpg	park
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000435.jpg	ride
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000436.jpg	sats
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000437.jpg	car
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000438.jpg	park
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000439.jpg	station
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000440.jpg	information
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000441.jpg	tickets
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000442.jpg	trains
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000443.jpg	ahead
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000444.jpg	closed
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000445.jpg	cycle
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000446.jpg	way
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000447.jpg	investments
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000448.jpg	mortgages
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000449.jpg	pensions
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000450.jpg	and
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000451.jpg	children
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000452.jpg	construction
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000453.jpg	danger
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000454.jpg	injury
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000455.jpg	keep
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000456.jpg	keep
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000457.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000458.jpg	out
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000459.jpg	risk
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000460.jpg	serious
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000461.jpg	site
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000462.jpg	your
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000463.jpg	and
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000464.jpg	drivers
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000465.jpg	here
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000466.jpg	office
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000467.jpg	report
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000468.jpg	stop
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000469.jpg	to
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000470.jpg	warehouse
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000471.jpg	a
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000472.jpg	just
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000473.jpg	need
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000474.jpg	promise
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000475.jpg	asda
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000476.jpg	forever
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000477.jpg	low
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000478.jpg	permanently
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000479.jpg	price
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000480.jpg	prices
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000481.jpg	eiir
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000482.jpg	mail
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000483.jpg	royal
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000484.jpg	2002
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000485.jpg	commonwealth
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000486.jpg	games
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000487.jpg	manchester
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000488.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000489.jpg	xvii
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000490.jpg	f
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000491.jpg	o
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000492.jpg	r
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000493.jpg	17
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000494.jpg	59
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000495.jpg	draught
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000496.jpg	guinness
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000497.jpg	tm
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000498.jpg	corona
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000499.jpg	extra
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000500.jpg	r
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000501.jpg	beer
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000502.jpg	from
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000503.jpg	imported
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000504.jpg	mexico
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000505.jpg	customer
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000506.jpg	freephone
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000507.jpg	hire
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000508.jpg	private
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000509.jpg	service
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000510.jpg	133
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000511.jpg	a
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000512.jpg	centre
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000513.jpg	chelmsford
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000514.jpg	clacton
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000515.jpg	gt
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000516.jpg	harwich
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000517.jpg	ipswich
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000518.jpg	leisure
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000519.jpg	london
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000520.jpg	rollerworld
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000521.jpg	town
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000522.jpg	world
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000523.jpg	yarmouth
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000524.jpg	centre
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000525.jpg	greenstead
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000526.jpg	ipswich
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000527.jpg	leisure
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000528.jpg	road
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000529.jpg	albert
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000530.jpg	beefeater
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000531.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000532.jpg	isuzu
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000533.jpg	order
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000534.jpg	your
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000535.jpg	central
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000536.jpg	m
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000537.jpg	o
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000538.jpg	t
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000539.jpg	tyre
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000540.jpg	bed
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000541.jpg	breakfast
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000542.jpg	h
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000543.jpg	t
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000544.jpg	w
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000545.jpg	dark
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000546.jpg	discover
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000547.jpg	side
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000548.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000549.jpg	photo
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000550.jpg	specialists
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000551.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000552.jpg	british
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000553.jpg	cross
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000554.jpg	red
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000555.jpg	shop
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000556.jpg	sack
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000557.jpg	sad
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000558.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000559.jpg	agents
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000560.jpg	agents
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000561.jpg	estate
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000562.jpg	estate
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000563.jpg	saxons
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000564.jpg	saxons
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000565.jpg	8000
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000566.jpg	dell
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000567.jpg	inspiron
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000568.jpg	falling
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000569.jpg	hungry
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000570.jpg	knees
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000571.jpg	my
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000572.jpg	on
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000573.jpg	adapter
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000574.jpg	canon
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000575.jpg	compact
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000576.jpg	power
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000577.jpg	daily
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000578.jpg	farnborough
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000579.jpg	flying
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000580.jpg	july
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000581.jpg	programme
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000582.jpg	2002
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000583.jpg	28
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000584.jpg	airshow
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000585.jpg	a
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000586.jpg	cities
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000587.jpg	embassy
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000588.jpg	european
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000589.jpg	foc
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000590.jpg	kingdom
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000591.jpg	mexcio
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000592.jpg	mexican
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000593.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000594.jpg	president
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000595.jpg	publication
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000596.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000597.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000598.jpg	to
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000599.jpg	united
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000600.jpg	update
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000601.jpg	visits
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000602.jpg	a
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000603.jpg	a
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000604.jpg	benjamin
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000605.jpg	but
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000606.jpg	fool
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000607.jpg	franklin
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000608.jpg	heart
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000609.jpg	heart
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000610.jpg	his
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000611.jpg	his
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000612.jpg	in
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000613.jpg	in
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000614.jpg	is
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000615.jpg	is
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000616.jpg	man
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000617.jpg	mouth
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000618.jpg	mouth
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000619.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000620.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000621.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000622.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000623.jpg	wise
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000624.jpg	2n
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000625.jpg	bostock
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000626.jpg	dixon
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000627.jpg	graduate
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000628.jpg	jenny
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000629.jpg	marisa
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000630.jpg	office
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000631.jpg	multimedia
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000632.jpg	pro
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000633.jpg	projector
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000634.jpg	sanyo
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000635.jpg	x
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000636.jpg	xtra
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000637.jpg	e
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000638.jpg	environments
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000639.jpg	essex
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000640.jpg	g
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000641.jpg	group
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000642.jpg	i
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000643.jpg	i
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000644.jpg	inhabited
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000645.jpg	intelligent
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000646.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000647.jpg	university
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000648.jpg	digital
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000649.jpg	group
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000650.jpg	roland
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000651.jpg	hp
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000652.jpg	invent
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000653.jpg	r
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000654.jpg	mobile
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000655.jpg	no
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000656.jpg	phones
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000657.jpg	rbon
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000658.jpg	dioxide
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000659.jpg	eqpt
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000660.jpg	extinguisher
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000661.jpg	inven
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000662.jpg	no
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000663.jpg	caps
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000664.jpg	lock
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000665.jpg	loxk
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000666.jpg	loxk
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000667.jpg	num
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000668.jpg	scroll
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000669.jpg	viglen
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000670.jpg	77
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000671.jpg	cd
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000672.jpg	matsui
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000673.jpg	4
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000674.jpg	pentium
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000675.jpg	books
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000676.jpg	in
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000677.jpg	last
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000678.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000679.jpg	word
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000680.jpg	fresh
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000681.jpg	semi
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000682.jpg	skimmed
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000683.jpg	disturb
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000684.jpg	do
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000685.jpg	im
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000686.jpg	not
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000687.jpg	please
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000688.jpg	economy
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000689.jpg	juice
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000690.jpg	life
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000691.jpg	long
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000692.jpg	orange
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000693.jpg	s
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000694.jpg	sainsbury
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000695.jpg	entry
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000696.jpg	estates
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000697.jpg	in
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000698.jpg	into
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000699.jpg	management
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000700.jpg	no
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000701.jpg	operation
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000702.jpg	permit
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000703.jpg	section
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000704.jpg	system
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000705.jpg	this
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000706.jpg	to
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000707.jpg	unauthorised
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000708.jpg	work
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000709.jpg	accommodation
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000710.jpg	nightline
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000711.jpg	office
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000712.jpg	and
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000713.jpg	colchester
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000714.jpg	footpath
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000715.jpg	greenstead
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000716.jpg	to
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000717.jpg	hire
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000718.jpg	licensed
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000719.jpg	private
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000720.jpg	st
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000721.jpg	vehicle
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000722.jpg	2a
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000723.jpg	544444
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000724.jpg	arthur
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000725.jpg	colchester
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000726.jpg	five
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000727.jpg	fours
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000728.jpg	arena
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000729.jpg	at
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000730.jpg	colchester
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000731.jpg	heart
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000732.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000733.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000734.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000735.jpg	book
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000736.jpg	word
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000737.jpg	animal
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000738.jpg	break
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000739.jpg	case
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000740.jpg	fire
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000741.jpg	glass
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000742.jpg	in
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000743.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000744.jpg	arena
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000745.jpg	leisure
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000746.jpg	limited
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000747.jpg	office
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000748.jpg	registered
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000749.jpg	services
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000750.jpg	admittance
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000751.jpg	authorised
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000752.jpg	no
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000753.jpg	only
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000754.jpg	personnel
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000755.jpg	coke
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000756.jpg	diet
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000757.jpg	mark
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000758.jpg	refistered
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000759.jpg	trade
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000760.jpg	centre
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000761.jpg	greenwood
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000762.jpg	health
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000763.jpg	house
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000764.jpg	colgate
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000765.jpg	fluoride
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000766.jpg	toothpaste
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000767.jpg	2nd
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000768.jpg	edition
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000769.jpg	professional
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000770.jpg	xml
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000771.jpg	java
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000772.jpg	professional
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000773.jpg	services
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000774.jpg	web
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000775.jpg	robert
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000776.jpg	just
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000777.jpg	to
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000778.jpg	let
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000779.jpg	u
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000780.jpg	know
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000781.jpg	being
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000782.jpg	a
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000783.jpg	student
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000784.jpg	does
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000785.jpg	not
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000786.jpg	give
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000787.jpg	u
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000788.jpg	licence
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000789.jpg	to
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000790.jpg	live
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000791.jpg	like
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000792.jpg	a
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000793.jpg	tramp
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000794.jpg	u
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000795.jpg	may
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000796.jpg	not
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000797.jpg	appreciate
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000798.jpg	hygiene
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000799.jpg	but
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000800.jpg	others
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000801.jpg	do
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000802.jpg	you
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000803.jpg	are
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000804.jpg	here
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000805.jpg	gates
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000806.jpg	30
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000807.jpg	88
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000808.jpg	emergency
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000809.jpg	exit
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000810.jpg	d
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000811.jpg	diesel
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000812.jpg	denim
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000813.jpg	division
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000814.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000815.jpg	wallace
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000816.jpg	sword
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000817.jpg	scottish
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000818.jpg	national
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000819.jpg	gallery
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000820.jpg	modern
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000821.jpg	gladstone
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000822.jpg	1898
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000823.jpg	1809
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000824.jpg	hall
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000825.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000826.jpg	heroes
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000827.jpg	dollar
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000828.jpg	glen
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000829.jpg	and
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000830.jpg	castle
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000831.jpg	campbell
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000832.jpg	ancient
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000833.jpg	monument
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000834.jpg	castle
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000835.jpg	campbell
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000836.jpg	sc
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000837.jpg	4
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000838.jpg	kn
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000839.jpg	reserved
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000840.jpg	for
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000841.jpg	club
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000842.jpg	secretary
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000843.jpg	dollar
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000844.jpg	golf
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000845.jpg	club
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000846.jpg	adt
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000847.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000848.jpg	dollar
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000849.jpg	arms
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000850.jpg	no
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000851.jpg	footway
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000852.jpg	for
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000853.jpg	450
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000854.jpg	yds
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000855.jpg	stirling
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000856.jpg	castle
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000857.jpg	lodgings
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000858.jpg	ersit
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000859.jpg	ol
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000860.jpg	sex
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000861.jpg	volvo
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000862.jpg	volvo
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000863.jpg	b
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000864.jpg	bjork
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000865.jpg	homogenic
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000866.jpg	18
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000867.jpg	8
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000868.jpg	smirnoff
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000869.jpg	1l
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000870.jpg	bison
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000871.jpg	vodka
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000872.jpg	zubrowka
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000873.jpg	cancer
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000874.jpg	for
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000875.jpg	life
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000876.jpg	race
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000877.jpg	research
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000878.jpg	tesco
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000879.jpg	uk
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000880.jpg	liquid
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000881.jpg	tesco
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000882.jpg	up
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000883.jpg	value
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000884.jpg	washing
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000885.jpg	alarm
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000886.jpg	call
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000887.jpg	fire
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000888.jpg	point
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000889.jpg	are
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000890.jpg	here
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000891.jpg	you
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000892.jpg	access
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000893.jpg	baggage
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000894.jpg	know
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000895.jpg	to
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000896.jpg	use
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000897.jpg	boards
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000898.jpg	markers
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000899.jpg	on
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000900.jpg	only
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000901.jpg	these
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000902.jpg	2n
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000903.jpg	computing
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000904.jpg	desk
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000905.jpg	help
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000906.jpg	service
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000907.jpg	cigarettes
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000908.jpg	no
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000909.jpg	only
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000910.jpg	paper
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000911.jpg	please
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000912.jpg	entry
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000913.jpg	flashing
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000914.jpg	is
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000915.jpg	light
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000916.jpg	no
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000917.jpg	red
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000918.jpg	when
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000919.jpg	office
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000920.jpg	overseas
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000921.jpg	relations
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000922.jpg	do
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000923.jpg	help
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000924.jpg	if
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000925.jpg	in
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000926.jpg	information
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000927.jpg	lift
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000928.jpg	not
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000929.jpg	notice
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000930.jpg	please
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000931.jpg	please
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000932.jpg	press
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000933.jpg	safety
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000934.jpg	second
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000935.jpg	sound
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000936.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000937.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000938.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000939.jpg	the
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000940.jpg	trapped
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000941.jpg	will
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000942.jpg	will
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000943.jpg	without
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000944.jpg	you
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000945.jpg	alarm
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000946.jpg	alarm
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000947.jpg	and
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000948.jpg	arrive
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000949.jpg	at
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000950.jpg	at
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000951.jpg	become
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000952.jpg	button
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000953.jpg	desk
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000954.jpg	4
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000955.jpg	exit
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000956.jpg	floor
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000957.jpg	night
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000958.jpg	on
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000959.jpg	toilet
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000960.jpg	of
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000961.jpg	order
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000962.jpg	out
drive/MyDrive/Study/AIO/Scene Text Recognition/datasets/ocr_dataset/000963.jpg	sorry
